FAQ issues with grammar, punctuation, consistency, etc. 😄 👍 (#9244)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/FAQ.md

* A `hash` or `uuid` label, which changes frequently.

To reduce high churn rates, identify and remove labels with frequently changing values.
[Cardinality explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) can help determine these labels. If labels can't be removed, try pre-aggregating data
before it gets ingested into the database with [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/).

The official Grafana dashboards for VictoriaMetrics contain graphs for churn rate - see [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#monitoring) for details.

## What is high cardinality?

High cardinality usually means a high number of [active time series](#what-is-an-active-time-series). High cardinality may lead to high memory usage
and/or to a high percentage of [slow inserts](#what-is-a-slow-insert). The main cause of high cardinality is usually a label with a high number of distinct values, which makes up a large share of the ingested time series. Examples of such labels:

* `user_id`
* `url`
* `ip`

> To reduce high cardinality, identify and remove it's source with the help of [cardinality explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer).

Reviewer: added a plug for stream aggregation
```suggestion
To reduce high cardinality,  use  the [cardinality explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) to find the source. Then use [relabeling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#relabeling) or [stream aggregation](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/stream-aggregation/) to reduce the cardinality from that source
```

The official Grafana dashboards for VictoriaMetrics contain graphs, which show the number of active time series -
see [these docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#monitoring) for details.

## What is a slow insert?

VictoriaMetrics maintains in-memory cache for mapping of [active time series](#what-is-an-active-time-series) into internal series ids.

> The cache size depends on the available memory for VictoriaMetrics in the host system. If the information about all active time series doesn't fit the cache,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cache size is based on the available memory given to VictoriaMetrics from the host system. If the information about all active time series doesn't fit the cache,
```

> then VictoriaMetrics needs to read and unpack the information from the disk on every incoming sample for each time series missing in the cache.

Reviewer: from disk is the perferred wording.
```suggestion
then VictoriaMetrics needs to read and unpack the information from disk on every incoming sample for each time series missing in the cache.
```

Because this operation is significantly slower than a cache lookup, it’s referred to as a `slow insert`.
A high percentage of slow inserts on the [official dashboard for VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#monitoring) indicates
a memory shortage for the current number of [active time series](#what-is-an-active-time-series). Such a condition usually leads
to a significant slowdown for data ingestion and to significantly increased disk IO and CPU usage.

> To resolve the issue, you can either increase available memory or reduce the number of [active time series](#what-is-an-active-time-series).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To resolve the issue, either increase available memory or reduce the number of [active time series](#what-is-an-active-time-series).
```

> [Cardinality explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) can be helpful for locating the source of a high number of active time series.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [cardinality explorer](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#cardinality-explorer) can be helpful for locating the source of a high number of active time series.
```

## Why do the same metrics show differences in VictoriaMetrics' and Prometheus' dashboards?

There may be a slight difference in stored values for time series. Due to different compression algorithms, VM may reduce the precision for float values with more than 12 significant decimal digits. Please see [this article](https://valyala.medium.com/evaluating-performance-and-correctness-victoriametrics-response-e27315627e87).

The query engine may behave differently for some functions. Please see [this article](https://medium.com/@romanhavronenko/victoriametrics-promql-compliance-d4318203f51e).

## If downsampling and deduplication are enabled how will this work?

[Deduplication](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#deduplication) is a special case of zero-offset [downsampling](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#downsampling). So, if both downsampling and deduplication are enabled, then deduplication is replaced by zero-offset downsampling.

## How to upgrade or downgrade VictoriaMetrics without downtime?

> The single-node version of VictoriaMetrics requires downtime for restarts, upgrades, or downgrades, as it must be gracefully shut down and restarted. See [how to upgrade VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#how-to-upgrade-victoriametrics).

Reviewer: This missed mentioning that you can run multiple single instances in parallel for High availability.
```suggestion
The single-node version of VictoriaMetrics requires downtime for restarts, upgrades, or downgrades, as it must be gracefully shut down and restarted. See [how to upgrade VictoriaMetrics](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/single-server-victoriametrics/#how-to-upgrade-victoriametrics).
This can be mitigated by running multiple single instances in parallel see the [high availability docs](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/#high-availability) for details
```
